README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm Aman 👋

### 👨‍💻 QA Automation Engineer | 🚀 Aspiring Full Stack Developer



<!-- AI-SUMMARY:START -->
<!-- AI-SUMMARY:END -->

---

## 💼 Professional Experience

**QA Automation Engineer @ Infosys**  
*Oct 2021 - Present* (<!-- DURATION:START -->4 years, 3 months, 5 days<!-- DURATION:END -->)

- **Core Stack:**
  ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) 
  ![Selenium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-selenium-%43B02A?style=for-the-badge&logo=selenium&logoColor=white) 
  ![Apache Maven](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Maven-C71A36?style=for-the-badge&logo=Apache%20Maven&logoColor=white) 
  ![Rest Assured](https://img.shields.io/badge/Rest_Assured-02303A?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) 
  ![Appium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Appium-41c4ff?style=for-the-badge&logo=appium&logoColor=black)
- **Focus:** delivering high-quality software through automated testing and continuous integration.
- **Current Learning:** ![Playwright](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Playwright-%232EAD33?style=for-the-badge&logo=playwright&logoColor=white)

> 📢 **I am actively looking for new opportunities!**  
> Open to roles in **QA Automation** or **Full Stack Development**.

---

## 🚀 Developer Aspirations

Beyond testing, I am deeply interested in building products. I am actively transitioning into a developer role and have hands-on experience with:

- **Backend:**
  ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) 
  ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white) 
  ![DjangoREST](https://img.shields.io/badge/DJANGO-REST-ff1709?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white&color=ff1709&labelColor=gray) 
  ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
- **Frontend:**
  ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) 
  ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
- **Mobile:**
  ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white)

I love learning new technologies and am always open to upskilling to meet project needs.

---

## 🛠 Projects & Waitlist

I build cool things! Check out my upcoming projects and join the waitlist:

### 👉 [ProjektNotify](https://projektnotify.vercel.app)
*A platform to track ideas, share early access, and build in public.*

---

## 📈 Top Repositories

I contribute to open source and build personal projects. Here are my top contributions:

<!-- RECENT-REPOS:START -->
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/justaman045/ProjektNotify">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=justaman045&repo=ProjektNotify&theme=github_dark" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/justaman045/Resume-Builder">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=justaman045&repo=Resume-Builder&theme=github_dark" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/justaman045/Portfolio">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=justaman045&repo=Portfolio&theme=github_dark" />
  </a>
</div>
<!-- RECENT-REPOS:END -->

*(Note: These will update automatically)*

---

## 📊 Programming Stats

<!-- Wakatime start -->
<!-- Wakatime end -->

---

## 📝 Latest Blog Posts

I write about what I learn on **[Dev.to](https://dev.to/justaman045)** and **[Hashnode](https://justaman045.hashnode.dev/)**.

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

---

## 🌐 Connect with Me

- 💼 **LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/justaman045](https://www.linkedin.com/in/justaman045/) *(Professional Profile)*
- 🐦 **X (Twitter):** [@justaman045](https://x.com/justaman045)
- 🌍 **Portfolio:** [justaman045.vercel.app](https://justaman045.vercel.app/)
- 💻 **Dev.to:** [dev.to/justaman045](https://dev.to/justaman045)
- ✍️ **Hashnode:** [justaman045.hashnode.dev](https://justaman045.hashnode.dev/)

![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=justaman045&color=blueviolet)

---

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/justaman045/justaman045/blob/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg" alt="snake animation" />
</div>

Commit message:

Refine career goals: Open to Senior QA or Full Stack

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Aman 👋

### 👨‍💻 QA Automation Engineer | 🚀 Aspiring Full Stack Developer



<!-- AI-SUMMARY:START -->
<!-- AI-SUMMARY:END -->

---

## 💼 Professional Experience

**QA Automation Engineer @ Infosys**  
*Oct 2021 - Present* (<!-- DURATION:START -->4 years, 3 months, 5 days<!-- DURATION:END -->)

- **Core Stack:**
  ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) 
  ![Selenium](https://img.shields.io/badge/-selenium-%43B02A?style=for-the-badge&logo=selenium&logoColor=white) 
  ![Apache Maven](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Maven-C71A36?style=for-the-badge&logo=Apache%20Maven&logoColor=white) 
  ![Rest Assured](https://img.shields.io/badge/Rest_Assured-02303A?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) 
  ![Appium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Appium-41c4ff?style=for-the-badge&logo=appium&logoColor=black)
- **Focus:** delivering high-quality software through automated testing and continuous integration.
- **Current Learning:** ![Playwright](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Playwright-%232EAD33?style=for-the-badge&logo=playwright&logoColor=white)

> 📢 **Actively looking for new opportunities!**  
> Open to **Senior QA Automation** or **Full Stack Development** roles.  
> *Focused on growth, better compensation, and challenging problems.*

---

## 🚀 Developer Aspirations

Beyond testing, I am deeply interested in building products. I am actively transitioning into a developer role and have hands-on experience with:

- **Backend:**
  ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) 
  ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white) 
  ![DjangoREST](https://img.shields.io/badge/DJANGO-REST-ff1709?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white&color=ff1709&labelColor=gray) 
  ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
- **Frontend:**
  ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) 
  ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
- **Mobile:**
  ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white)

I love learning new technologies and am always open to upskilling to meet project needs.

---

## 🛠 Projects & Waitlist

I build cool things! Check out my upcoming projects and join the waitlist:

### 👉 [ProjektNotify](https://projektnotify.vercel.app)
*A platform to track ideas, share early access, and build in public.*

---

## 📈 Top Repositories

I contribute to open source and build personal projects. Here are my top contributions:

<!-- RECENT-REPOS:START -->
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/justaman045/ProjektNotify">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=justaman045&repo=ProjektNotify&theme=github_dark" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/justaman045/Resume-Builder">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=justaman045&repo=Resume-Builder&theme=github_dark" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/justaman045/Portfolio">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=justaman045&repo=Portfolio&theme=github_dark" />
  </a>
</div>
<!-- RECENT-REPOS:END -->

*(Note: These will update automatically)*

---

## 📊 Programming Stats

<!-- Wakatime start -->
<!-- Wakatime end -->

---

## 📝 Latest Blog Posts

I write about what I learn on **[Dev.to](https://dev.to/justaman045)** and **[Hashnode](https://justaman045.hashnode.dev/)**.

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

---

## 🌐 Connect with Me

- 💼 **LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/justaman045](https://www.linkedin.com/in/justaman045/) *(Professional Profile)*
- 🐦 **X (Twitter):** [@justaman045](https://x.com/justaman045)
- 🌍 **Portfolio:** [justaman045.vercel.app](https://justaman045.vercel.app/)
- 💻 **Dev.to:** [dev.to/justaman045](https://dev.to/justaman045)
- ✍️ **Hashnode:** [justaman045.hashnode.dev](https://justaman045.hashnode.dev/)

![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=justaman045&color=blueviolet)

---

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/justaman045/justaman045/blob/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg" alt="snake animation" />
</div>
